Signs:

mcl_signs:wall_sign_warped_hyphae_wood inventory mcl_signs_warped_sign_inv.png
mcl_signs:wall_sign_warped_hyphae_wood wield mcl_signs_warped_sign_inv.png
mcl_signs:wall_sign_warped_hyphae_wood all mcl_signs_warped_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign_warped_hyphae_wood all mcl_signs_warped_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign22_5_warped_hyphae_wood all mcl_signs_warped_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign45_warped_hyphae_wood all mcl_signs_warped_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign67_5_warped_hyphae_wood all mcl_signs_warped_sign.png

mcl_signs:wall_sign_c	rimson_hyphae_wood inventory mcl_signs_crimson_sign_inv.png
mcl_signs:wall_sign_crimson_hyphae_wood wield mcl_signs_crimson_sign_inv.png
mcl_signs:wall_sign_crimson_hyphae_wood all mcl_signs_crimson_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign_crimson_hyphae_wood all mcl_signs_crimson_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign22_5_crimson_hyphae_wood all mcl_signs_crimson_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign45_crimson_hyphae_wood all mcl_signs_crimson_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign67_5_crimson_hyphae_wood all mcl_signs_crimson_sign.png

mcl_signs:wall_sign_acaciawood inventory mcl_signs_acacia_sign_inv.png
mcl_signs:wall_sign_acaciawood wield mcl_signs_acacia_sign_inv.png
mcl_signs:wall_sign_acaciawood all mcl_signs_acacia_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign_acaciawood all mcl_signs_acacia_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign22_5_acaciawood all mcl_signs_acacia_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign45_acaciawood all mcl_signs_acacia_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign67_5_acaciawood all mcl_signs_acacia_sign.png

mcl_signs:wall_sign_birchwood inventory mcl_signs_birch_sign_inv.png
mcl_signs:wall_sign_birchwood wield mcl_signs_birch_sign_inv.png
mcl_signs:wall_sign_birchwood all mcl_signs_birch_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign_birchwood all mcl_signs_birch_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign22_5_birchwood all mcl_signs_birch_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign45_birchwood all mcl_signs_birch_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign67_5_birchwood all mcl_signs_birch_sign.png

mcl_signs:wall_sign_junglewood inventory mcl_signs_jungle_sign_inv.png
mcl_signs:wall_sign_junglewood wield mcl_signs_jungle_sign_inv.png
mcl_signs:wall_sign_junglewood all mcl_signs_jungle_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign_junglewood all mcl_signs_jungle_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign22_5_junglewood all mcl_signs_jungle_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign45_junglewood all mcl_signs_jungle_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign67_5_junglewood all mcl_signs_jungle_sign.png

mcl_signs:wall_sign_mangrove_wood inventory mcl_signs_mangrove_sign_inv.png
mcl_signs:wall_sign_mangrove_wood wield mcl_signs_mangrove_sign_inv.png
mcl_signs:wall_sign_mangrove_wood all mcl_signs_mangrove_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign_mangrove_wood all mcl_signs_mangrove_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign22_5_mangrove_wood all mcl_signs_mangrove_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign45_mangrove_wood all mcl_signs_mangrove_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign67_5_mangrove_wood all mcl_signs_mangrove_sign.png

mcl_signs:wall_sign_sprucewood inventory mcl_signs_spruce_sign_inv.png
mcl_signs:wall_sign_sprucewood wield mcl_signs_spruce_sign_inv.png
mcl_signs:wall_sign_sprucewood all mcl_signs_spruce_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign_sprucewood all mcl_signs_spruce_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign22_5_sprucewood all mcl_signs_spruce_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign45_sprucewood all mcl_signs_spruce_sign.png
mcl_signs:standing_sign67_5_sprucewood all mcl_signs_spruce_sign.png
